Our current rollDice function returns a random integer between one and six.
But what if we wanted to change the range to be between one and
eight or one in 10 for eight and 10-sided dice?
We'd have to change the range of roll values that we output,
and there are only two lines of code that control the range of a dice roll.
There this multiplication line that controls how big our range is
and then this addition of one line of code that shifts our range up by one.
To change this whole range so that it fits an eight-sided dice,
we want the range to be from 1-8 instead of 1-6.
And we can do this just by changing the multiplication line that controls how big
our range is by increasing the multiplier by two from 6-8.
And to change the range from 1-10 for a 10 sided dice,
we'd multiply by 10 here.
The plus one line of code stays the same because our lowest value roll or one,
stays the same no matter how many sides of dice has.
So the multiplication line controls
our whole range and to get the correct range of roll values,
our random number is multiplied by the number of sides of dice has,
whether that six, eight,
10 are something else.
So say, we have an input parameter inside's that tells us how many sides a dice has,
eight, 10 or any other number of sides.
Use this variable sides in this code so that it returns
the correct range of values no matter the number of sides a dice may have.